feat(rdb): add new extensions page MTA-4994 (#3669)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/reference-content/postgresql-extensions.mdx

| unaccent                     | Provides a text search dictionary that removes accents from characters, improving text search accuracy.                                         |
| uuid-ossp                    | Generates universally unique identifiers (UUIDs), essential for ensuring data uniqueness across distributed systems.                            |

## Extension best practices

- When you use functions installed by postgres extensions, the best practice is to specify the namespace of the function if you do not modify the `search_path`. When functions come from extensions or are used in postgresql objects, it is necessary to specify the namespace of these functions independently of `search_path` management to avoid errors when restoring backups.

## Configuration example

For example, if the `unaccent` extension is installed in a public schema and the `search_path` is not set to public, you should run the following function instead of running `SELECT unaccent('a')`:

```
SELECT public.unaccent('a')
```

Likewise, when the view is restored from a database backup, you can use the following function to avoid an error:

```

> CREATE VIEW myview AS SELECT public.unaccent(name) from instance;

Author: ```suggestion
CREATE VIEW myview AS SELECT public.unaccent(mycolumn) from mytable;
```

> ```

Author: I've added a note under "extension best practices"

| tablefunc                    | Offers functions for manipulating entire tables, including crosstab operations for pivot tables.                                               |
| timescaledb                  | Enables efficient handling and analysis of time-series data, extending PostgreSQL with specialized time-series functions.                      |
| tsm_system_rows              | Implements a TABLESAMPLE method that limits the number of rows returned, useful for sampling large datasets.                                    |
| tsm_system_time              | Implements a TABLESAMPLE method that limits rows based on a time duration, useful for time-based sampling.                                      |
| unaccent                     | Provides a text search dictionary that removes accents from characters, improving text search accuracy.                                         |
| uuid-ossp                    | Generates universally unique identifiers (UUIDs), essential for ensuring data uniqueness across distributed systems.                            |

## Extension best practices

> - When you use functions installed by postgres extensions, the best practice is to specify the namespace of the function if you do not modify the `search_path`. When functions come from extensions or are used in postgresql objects, it is necessary to specify the namespace of these functions independently of `search_path` management to avoid errors when restoring backups.

Reviewer: "postgres" or "PostgreSQL"?
